#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_test.in
#
apipkg==1.5
    # via execnet
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
beautifulsoup4==4.8.2
    # via directory-components
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.13.2
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
click==7.0
    # via pip-tools
codecov==2.0.15
    # via -r requirements_test.in
coverage==5.0.3
    # via
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests
directory-api-client==21.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-client-core==6.1.0
    # via
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-sso-api-client
directory-components==37.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-constants==20.28.0
    # via directory-components
directory-healthcheck==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory-sso-api-client==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
directory_validators==6.0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
django==2.2.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   directory-components
    #   directory-constants
    #   directory-healthcheck
    #   directory-validators
    #   django-formtools
    #   django-redis
    #   djangorestframework
    #   sigauth
django-environ==0.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-formtools==2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-health-check==3.8.0
    # via directory-healthcheck
django-redis==4.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.11.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sigauth
entrypoints==0.3
    # via flake8
execnet==1.7.1
    # via pytest-xdist
flake8==3.7.9
    # via -r requirements_test.in
freezegun==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements_test.in
gunicorn==20.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.8
    # via requests
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via directory-components
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mohawk==0.3.4
    # via sigauth
monotonic==1.5
    # via directory-client-core
more-itertools==8.1.0
    # via pytest
olefile==0.44
    # via directory-validators
packaging==20.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   pytest-sugar
pillow==8.2.0
    # via directory-validators
pip-tools==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via pytest
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest
pycodestyle==2.5.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.19
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.1.1
    # via flake8
pyopenssl==19.1.0
    # via requests
pyparsing==2.4.6
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via jsonschema
pytest==5.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_test.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-forked
    #   pytest-sugar
    #   pytest-xdist
pytest-cov==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-django==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-forked==1.1.3
    # via pytest-xdist
pytest-sugar==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements_test.in
pytest-xdist==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via freezegun
pytz==2017.2
    # via
    #   directory-validators
    #   django
redis==3.3.11
    # via django-redis
requests[security]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   codecov
    #   directory-api-client
    #   directory-client-core
    #   requests-mock
requests-mock==1.7.0
    # via -r requirements_test.in
sentry-sdk==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
sigauth==4.1.1
    # via directory-client-core
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   freezegun
    #   jsonschema
    #   packaging
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyrsistent
    #   pytest-xdist
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   w3lib
soupsieve==1.9.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.3.0
    # via django
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via pytest-sugar
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   directory-validators
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
w3lib==1.21.0
    # via directory-client-core
wcwidth==0.1.8
    # via pytest
whitenoise==4.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
